*: Cut v2.29.0-rc.1 (#9154)
prometheus/prometheus: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Fix timestamp handling in OpenMetrics parser. #9008
* [BUGFIX] Fix potential duplicate metrics in `/federate` endpoint when specifying multiple matchers. #8885
* [BUGFIX] Fix server configuration and validation for authentication via client cert. #9123

> * [BUGFIX] Fix start and end keywords masking label and metric names when using PromQL `@` modifier. #9119

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Allow `start` and `end` again as label names in PromQL queries. They were disallowed since the introduction of @ timestamp feature.  #9119
```

Maybe that is more clear?
